Declarative config target.idType can be a function (#120)
medic/medic-docs: configuration/developing-community-health-applications.md

| `appliesIf` | `function(contact, report)` | If `appliesTo: 'contacts'`, this function is invoked once per contact and `report` is undefined. If `appliesTo: 'reports'`, this function is invoked once per report. Return true to count this document. For `type: 'percent'`, this controls the denominator. | no |
| `passesIf` | `function(contact, report)` | For `type: 'percent'`, return true to increment the numerator. | yes, if `type: 'percent'` |
| `date` | `'reported'` or `'now'` | When `'reported'`, the target will include documents with a `reported_date` within the current month. When `'now'`, target includes all documents. Default is `'reported'`. | no |

> | `idType` | `'report'` or `'contact'` or `function(contact, report)` | The target's values are incremented once per unique id. To count one report per contact, use `'contact'`. To count multiple visits for a person, use `'report'`. To count one visit per parent, use `c => c.parent._id` | no |

Reviewer: Tried to further clarify the usage. Feel free to use or edit as you see fit.

```suggestion
| `idType` | `'report'` or `'contact'` or `function(contact, report)` | The target's values are incremented once per unique ID. To count individual people that meet the criteria, use `'contact'`. To increase the count each time the criteria are met for the same person, use `'report'`. If neither keyword suits your needs you can write your own function to provide the unique IDs. For instance, to count one visit per parent, use `c => c.parent._id` | no |
```
